1.What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
	git init: to initilize
	git add docId: to add a file to be tracked

2. How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
	working directory contains all files I am working on
	staging area only contains files I want to include in a commit
	repository contains all commits of all files being tracked

3. What value do you think the staging area offers?
	the staging area works as a buffer. 
	it helps make sure that only files to be included in commit is submitted
	it also makes it possible to change one's mind before creating a commit

4. How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
	Done with a logical change, add the related file(s) to the staging area
	One may wait to commit later and continue to work on other changes

5. What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? 
	working on sth experimental, not ready to be incorporated in the master yet
	several people working on different features simultaneously
	giving an option if not wanting to work on the same part 

6. How would branches help?
	working on a branch doesn't affect its parent
	changes made get recorded by commits in each branch 
	branchs can be merged later to incorporate all changes

7. How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	the branch name is over the latest commit
	clear showing parent and child, reachability and inheritance

8. What is the result of merging two branches together? 
	changes made in each branch get merged into one commit
	all commits in each branch can still be accessed

9. Why do we represent the merging in the diagram the way we do?
	it shows the parents of the new commit after the merge
	the history of each branch is still preserved

10. What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
	automatic merging is pretty powerful and convenient
	merging manually is only needed when there are conflicts
	it can clarify unknowns factors and make collaboration smooth
